packages/react/src/inputs/ShortTextInput/ShortTextInput.stories.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import { contextArgTypes } from '../../lib'
import { fake, fakeTitle, seed } from '../../lib/fake'
import iconSpriteUrl from '../../lib/storybookIconSpriteUrl'
import { View } from '../../views'
import { ShortTextInput } from './ShortTextInput'

<Meta
  title="Inputs/Short text"
  component={ShortTextInput}
  argTypes={{
    ...contextArgTypes,
  }}
/>

export const ShortTextInputTemplate = ({ textInput, ...props }) => (
  <View
    {...{
      iconSpriteUrl,
      ...props,
      main: { blocks: [{ inputs: [{ textInput }] }] },
    }}
  />
)

# Short text input

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Short text"
    args={
      seed(1234) || {
        themeName: 'light',
        accentScheme: 'teams',
        textInput: {
          actionId: 'a1',
          label: [{ text: fakeTitle(fake) }],
          description: fake('{{lorem.sentence}}'),
          placeholder: fake('{{lorem.sentence}}'),
          initialValue: fake('{{name.firstName}} {{name.lastName}}'),
          after: { icon: 'person' },
          include: ['a2', 'a3'],
        },
      }
    }
  >
    {ShortTextInputTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Short text" />

Commit message:

Add support for validation properties.

packages/react/src/inputs/ShortTextInput/ShortTextInput.stories.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import { contextArgTypes } from '../../lib'
import { fake, fakeTitle, seed } from '../../lib/fake'
import iconSpriteUrl from '../../lib/storybookIconSpriteUrl'
import { View } from '../../views'
import { ShortTextInput } from './ShortTextInput'

<Meta
  title="Inputs/Short text"
  component={ShortTextInput}
  argTypes={{
    ...contextArgTypes,
  }}
/>

export const ShortTextInputTemplate = ({ textInput, ...props }) => (
  <View
    {...{
      iconSpriteUrl,
      ...props,
      main: { blocks: [{ inputs: [{ textInput }] }] },
    }}
  />
)

# Short text input

This is a short text input that can be composed into a short inputs block.

## Validation

Text inputs use the `validationValence` prop to give the right styling to the
input. If it is not yet known if the input is valid or not, use
`validationValence: 'pending'`. Otherwise, for valid use
`validationValence: 'valid'`, for invalid use `validationValence: 'invalid'`.

If you don’t provide this property, Fluent Blocks won’t know to reserve space
for the message, and as the validation message appears and disappears it will
cause the content below the input to move around.

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Short text"
    args={
      seed(1234) || {
        themeName: 'light',
        accentScheme: 'teams',
        textInput: {
          actionId: 'a1',
          label: [{ text: fakeTitle(fake) }],
          description: fake('{{lorem.sentence}}'),
          placeholder: fake('{{lorem.sentence}}'),
          initialValue: fake('{{name.firstName}} {{name.lastName}}'),
          after: { icon: 'person' },
          include: ['a2', 'a3'],
          validationValence: 'invalid',
          validationMessage: fake('{{lorem.sentence}}'),
        },
      }
    }
  >
    {ShortTextInputTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Short text" />
