packages/react/src/lib/Intro.stories.mdx, before:

import { fake, seed } from 'faker'

import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import { Escape } from '.'
import { name, version } from '../../package.json'
import iconSpriteUrl from '../lib/storybookIconSpriteUrl'
import { View } from '../views'
import fakeTitle from './fakeTitle'

<Meta
  title="Introduction"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: { hidden: true },
    },
  }}
/>

export const ViewTemplate = (props) => (
  <View {...props} iconSpriteUrl={iconSpriteUrl} />
)

# Fluent Blocks

<span style={{ fontSize: '.88em' }}>
  <pre style={{ display: 'inline', fontSize: '1em' }}>{name}</pre> • v{version}
</span>

<img
  style={{
    borderRadius: '1rem',
    marginBlockStart: '1.2rem',
    marginBlockEnd: '2.4rem',
  }}
  src="/expression-studio_still.jpg"
  title="An abstract image representing a composition of various elements into a coherent whole. A still image from a short by Microsoft’s Expression Studio."
/>

## What is Fluent Blocks?

If you need to deliver software experiences in the Fluent design system, Fluent Blocks gives you the tools you need to deliver accessible and polished experiences just using JSON, so you can focus more on the content and leave the rest to these components.

When you use Fluent Blocks, you aren’t locked into its way of doing things — the components also provide plenty of opportunities to make the exceptions you need to make to deliver designs optimized for your app’s use-case. It’s a bundle-friendly library that ships components that can handle entire fully-composed experiences down to more intermediate patterns that help with specific features like charts.

Fluent Blocks is essentially a React implementation of many [Fluent][figma-fluent] & [UI Kit][figma-uikit] design patterns for app development based on [`@fluentui/react-components`][fluentui-v9]. This project succeeds [`@fluentui/react-teams`][react-teams].

## ⚠️ In active development

This project’s API is subject to unannounced breaking changes and is not yet on any release cycle.

## Getting started

Using TypeScript and an IDE that supports type inspections will make using this project much easier!

1. Add `react@17`, `react-dom@17`, and `@fluentui/react-components@latest` if they’re not in your project already
2. Add `chart.js@^2.9.4` if you want to use charts from this package
3. Depending on your package manager, you may need to add `@fluent-blocks/basic-icons` to use icons
4. Finally, install this package, `@fluent-blocks/react`, using your package manager

Now anywhere you can use React, you can use Fluent Blocks.

## An example

In this simple example, we render the `View` component using mostly serializeable props, with one use of `Escape`.

```tsx
import { View, Escape } from '@fluent-blocks/react'

return <View {...{
      main: {
        title: [{text: 'Hello, world '}, {icon: 'send'}],
        abstract: 'This is an example using Fluent Blocks. It can do much more, but here’s just a taste.',
        message: {media: {label: 'Hello', illustration: 'hello'}},
        blocks: [
          {
            card: {
              title: [{icon: 'organization'}, {text: ` fakeTitle`}],
              body: [
                {paragraph: 'fakeParagraph'},
                {
                  media: <Escape contentMeetsAccessibilityAndDesignStandards>
                    <img src='/brandImage.svg'
                         style={{marginBlockEnd: '1rem', maxWidth: '12rem'}}/>
                  </Escape>,
                  caption: [{text: 'This caption is part of a '}, {
                    text: 'Figure',
                    variant: 'code'
                  }, {text: ' component, though the above image uses '}, {
                    text: 'Escape',
                    variant: 'code'
                  }, {text: '.'}]
                }
              ],
            },
          },
        ],
      },
      accentScheme: 'teams',
    }} />
```

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Introduction"
    args={{
      main: {
        title: [{ text: 'Hello, world ' }, { icon: 'send' }],
        abstract:
          'This is an example using Fluent Blocks. It can do much more, but here’s just a taste.',
        message: { media: { label: 'Hello', illustration: 'hello' } },
        blocks: [
          {
            card: {
              title: [
                { icon: 'organization' },
                { text: ` ${fakeTitle(fake)}` },
              ],
              body: [
                { paragraph: fake('{{lorem.paragraph}}') },
                {
                  media: (
                    <Escape contentMeetsAccessibilityAndDesignStandards>
                      <img
                        src="/brandImage.svg"
                        style={{ marginBlockEnd: '1rem', maxWidth: '12rem' }}
                      />
                    </Escape>
                  ),
                  caption: [
                    { text: 'This caption is part of a ' },
                    {
                      text: 'Figure',
                      variant: 'code',
                    },
                    { text: ' component, though the above image uses ' },
                    {
                      text: 'Escape',
                      variant: 'code',
                    },
                    { text: '.' },
                  ],
                },
              ],
            },
          },
        ],
      },
      accentScheme: 'teams',
    }}
  >
    {seed(1234) || ViewTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## There’s more to see still!

The components listed in the sidebar are available in Fluent Blocks as of the version shown at the top of this page.

## Technical info, contributing, and getting help.

If you’d like more technical information about Fluent Blocks or if you want to look into contributing, please have a look at the project’s [Github repository][github-readme].

If you have a question, found a bug, or want to request a feature, we’d love to hear from you on the project’s [Github issues][github-issues].

[figma-fluent]: https://www.figma.com/community/file/836828295772957889/Microsoft-Fluent-Web
[figma-uikit]: https://www.figma.com/community/file/916836509871353159/Microsoft-Teams-UI-Kit
[fluentui-v9]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fluentui/react-components
[react-teams]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fluentui/react-teams
[github-readme]: https://github.com/OfficeDev/fluent-blocks/tree/next/packages/react#readme
[github-issues]: https://github.com/OfficeDev/fluent-blocks/issues

Commit message:

Allow any inlines to have a description. Add Link.

packages/react/src/lib/Intro.stories.mdx, after:

import { fake, seed } from 'faker'

import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import { Escape } from '.'
import { name, version } from '../../package.json'
import iconSpriteUrl from '../lib/storybookIconSpriteUrl'
import { View } from '../views'
import fakeTitle from './fakeTitle'

<Meta
  title="Introduction"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: { hidden: true },
    },
  }}
/>

export const ViewTemplate = (props) => (
  <View {...props} iconSpriteUrl={iconSpriteUrl} />
)

# Fluent Blocks

<span style={{ fontSize: '.88em' }}>
  <pre style={{ display: 'inline', fontSize: '1em' }}>{name}</pre> • v{version}
</span>

<img
  style={{
    borderRadius: '1rem',
    marginBlockStart: '1.2rem',
    marginBlockEnd: '2.4rem',
  }}
  src="/expression-studio_still.jpg"
  title="An abstract image representing a composition of various elements into a coherent whole. A still image from a short by Microsoft’s Expression Studio."
/>

## What is Fluent Blocks?

If you need to deliver software experiences in the Fluent design system, Fluent Blocks gives you the tools you need to deliver accessible and polished experiences just using JSON, so you can focus more on the content and leave the rest to these components.

When you use Fluent Blocks, you aren’t locked into its way of doing things — the components also provide plenty of opportunities to make the exceptions you need to make to deliver designs optimized for your app’s use-case. It’s a bundle-friendly library that ships components that can handle entire fully-composed experiences down to more intermediate patterns that help with specific features like charts.

Fluent Blocks is essentially a React implementation of many [Fluent][figma-fluent] & [UI Kit][figma-uikit] design patterns for app development based on [`@fluentui/react-components`][fluentui-v9]. This project succeeds [`@fluentui/react-teams`][react-teams].

## ⚠️ In active development

This project’s API is subject to unannounced breaking changes and is not yet on any release cycle.

## Getting started

Using TypeScript and an IDE that supports type inspections will make using this project much easier!

1. Add `react@17`, `react-dom@17`, and `@fluentui/react-components@latest` if they’re not in your project already
2. Add `chart.js@^2.9.4` if you want to use charts from this package
3. Depending on your package manager, you may need to add `@fluent-blocks/basic-icons` to use icons
4. Finally, install this package, `@fluent-blocks/react`, using your package manager

Now anywhere you can use React, you can use Fluent Blocks.

## An example

In this simple example, we render the `View` component using mostly serializeable props, with one use of `Escape`.

```tsx
import { View, Escape } from '@fluent-blocks/react'

return <View {...{
      main: {
        title: [{text: 'Hello, world '}, {icon: 'send'}],
        abstract: 'This is an example using Fluent Blocks. It can do much more, but here’s just a taste.',
        message: {media: {label: 'Hello', illustration: 'hello'}},
        blocks: [
          {
            card: {
              title: [{icon: 'organization'}, {text: ` fakeTitle`}],
              body: [
                {paragraph: 'fakeParagraph'},
                {
                  media: <Escape contentMeetsAccessibilityAndDesignStandards>
                    <img src='/brandImage.svg'
                         style={{marginBlockEnd: '1rem', maxWidth: '12rem'}}/>
                  </Escape>,
                  caption: [{text: 'This caption is part of a '}, {
                    text: 'Figure',
                    variant: 'code'
                  }, {text: ' component, though the above image uses '}, {
                    text: 'Escape',
                    variant: 'code'
                  }, {text: '.'}]
                }
              ],
            },
          },
        ],
      },
      accentScheme: 'teams',
    }} />
```

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="Introduction"
    args={{
      main: {
        title: [{ text: 'Hello, world ' }, { icon: 'send' }],
        abstract: [
          {
            text: 'This is an example using Fluent Blocks. It can do much more, but here’s just a taste. ',
          },
          {
            link: 'Learn more.',
            href: 'https://github.com/OfficeDev/fluent-blocks',
            external: true,
            targetBlank: true,
          },
        ],
        message: { media: { label: 'Hello', illustration: 'hello' } },
        blocks: [
          {
            card: {
              title: [
                { icon: 'organization' },
                { text: ` ${fakeTitle(fake)}` },
              ],
              body: [
                { paragraph: fake('{{lorem.paragraph}}') },
                {
                  media: (
                    <Escape contentMeetsAccessibilityAndDesignStandards>
                      <img
                        src="/brandImage.svg"
                        style={{ marginBlockEnd: '1rem', maxWidth: '12rem' }}
                      />
                    </Escape>
                  ),
                  caption: [
                    { text: 'This caption is part of a ' },
                    {
                      text: 'Figure',
                      variant: 'code',
                    },
                    { text: ' component, though the above image uses ' },
                    {
                      text: 'Escape',
                      variant: 'code',
                    },
                    { text: '.' },
                  ],
                },
              ],
            },
          },
        ],
      },
      accentScheme: 'teams',
    }}
  >
    {seed(1234) || ViewTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## There’s more to see still!

The components listed in the sidebar are available in Fluent Blocks as of the version shown at the top of this page.

## Technical info, contributing, and getting help.

If you’d like more technical information about Fluent Blocks or if you want to look into contributing, please have a look at the project’s [Github repository][github-readme].

If you have a question, found a bug, or want to request a feature, we’d love to hear from you on the project’s [Github issues][github-issues].

[figma-fluent]: https://www.figma.com/community/file/836828295772957889/Microsoft-Fluent-Web
[figma-uikit]: https://www.figma.com/community/file/916836509871353159/Microsoft-Teams-UI-Kit
[fluentui-v9]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fluentui/react-components
[react-teams]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fluentui/react-teams
[github-readme]: https://github.com/OfficeDev/fluent-blocks/tree/next/packages/react#readme
[github-issues]: https://github.com/OfficeDev/fluent-blocks/issues
