packages/react/src/inlines/Icon/Icon.stories.mdx, before:

import get from 'lodash/get'
import find from 'lodash/find'
import range from 'lodash/range'
import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { Icon } from './Icon'
import { useState, useEffect } from 'react'

<Meta
  title="Facets/Icons"
  component={Icon}
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: { hidden: true },
    },
  }}
/>

export const getIcons = async () => {
  const nameExp = /(.+)_(\d+)_\w+\.sprite\.svg$/
  const response = await fetch(
    'https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/fluentui-svg-icon-sprites@1.1.163'
  )
  if (response.ok) {
    const jsonValue = await response.json() // Get JSON value from the response body
    const { all, sizes, possibleSizes } = get(
      find(get(jsonValue, 'files', []), ({ name }) => name === 'sprites'),
      'files',
      []
    ).reduce(
      (acc, { name }) => {
        const matches = name.match(nameExp)
        if (matches) {
          const [_, icon, sizeStr] = matches
          const size = parseInt(sizeStr)
          acc.possibleSizes.add(size)
          acc.all.add(icon)
          if (icon in acc.sizes) {
            acc.sizes[icon].add(size)
          } else {
            acc.sizes[icon] = new Set([size])
          }
        }
        return acc
      },
      { all: new Set(), sizes: {}, possibleSizes: new Set() }
    )
    return Promise.resolve({
      allIcons: Array.from(all),
      sizes,
      possibleSizes: Array.from(possibleSizes).sort(),
    })
  } else {
    return Promise.reject('Problem fetching icon list')
  }
}

export function useDebounce(value, delay) {
  const [debouncedValue, setDebouncedValue] = useState(value)
  useEffect(() => {
    const handler = setTimeout(() => {
      setDebouncedValue(value)
    }, delay)
    return () => {
      clearTimeout(handler)
    }
  }, [value, delay])
  return debouncedValue
}

export const IconCard = ({ icon, size, sizes, variant }) => {
  const sizeAvailable = sizes.has(size)
  const displaySize = sizeAvailable ? size : Array.from(sizes)[0]
  return (
    <article style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>
      <p style={{ fontSize: `${displaySize * 2}px` }}>
        <Icon icon={icon} size={displaySize} variant={variant} />
      </p>
      <p style={{ overflowWrap: 'break-word' }}>{icon}</p>
      <p>
        {Array.from(sizes).map((possibleSize) => (
          <span
            key={possibleSize}
            {...(possibleSize === displaySize && {
              style: { fontWeight: 'bold' },
            })}
          >
            {possibleSize}{' '}
          </span>
        ))}
      </p>
    </article>
  )
}

export const IconFinder = () => {
  const [query, setQuery] = useState('')
  const debouncedQuery = useDebounce(query, 500)
  const [icons, setIcons] = useState({
    allIcons: [],
    sizes: {},
    possibleSizes: [],
    randomSample: [],
  })
  const [size, setSize] = useState(24)
  const [variant, setVariant] = useState('outline')
  const loaded = icons.allIcons && icons.allIcons.length > 0
  const querying = loaded && debouncedQuery.length > 2
  useEffect(() => {
    getIcons().then(({ allIcons, sizes, possibleSizes }) => {
      setIcons({
        allIcons,
        sizes,
        possibleSizes,
        randomSample: range(0, 18).map(
          (_i) => allIcons[Math.floor(Math.random() * allIcons.length)]
        ),
      })
    })
  }, [])
  const queryResults = querying
    ? icons.allIcons.filter((icon) => icon.includes(debouncedQuery))
    : []
  return (
    <div>
      <section
        style={{
          display: 'grid',
          gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(3, min-content)',
          gap: '.5rem',
          marginTop: '2rem',
        }}
      >
        <div>
          <label id="ii1">Icon identifier</label>
          <input
            type="text"
            value={query}
            aria-labelledby="ii1"
            onChange={(e) => setQuery(e.target.value)}
            placeholder={loaded ? 'Search for icons' : 'Loading…'}
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.2em', boxSizing: 'border-box' }}
          />
        </div>
        <div>
          <label id="ii2">Size</label>
          <select
            aria-labelledby="ii2"
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.25em' }}
            onChange={(e) => setSize(parseInt(e.target.value))}
          >
            {loaded ? (
              <>
                {icons.possibleSizes.map((possibleSize) => (
                  <option value={possibleSize} selected={possibleSize === size}>
                    {possibleSize}
                  </option>
                ))}
              </>
            ) : (
              <option disabled value="">
                Loading…
              </option>
            )}
          </select>
        </div>
        <div>
          <label id="ii3">Variant</label>
          <select
            aria-labelledby="ii3"
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.25em' }}
            onChange={(e) => setVariant(e.target.value)}
          >
            <option selected={variant === 'outline'} value="outline">
              Outline
            </option>
            <option selected={variant === 'filled'} value="filled">
              Filled
            </option>
          </select>
        </div>
      </section>
      {loaded && (
        <>
          {querying ? (
            <>
              <h4 style={{ margin: '2rem 0 1rem 0' }}>
                Showing all {queryResults.length} results:
              </h4>
              <section
                style={{
                  display: 'grid',
                  gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(auto-fill, minmax(160px, 1fr))',
                  gap: '.5rem',
                }}
              >
                {queryResults.map((icon) => {
                  return (
                    <IconCard
                      key={icon}
                      icon={icon}
                      size={size}
                      sizes={icons.sizes[icon]}
                      variant={variant}
                    />
                  )
                })}
              </section>
            </>
          ) : (
            <>
              <h4 style={{ margin: '2rem 0 1rem 0' }}>
                Random sample of {icons.randomSample.length} icons:
              </h4>
              <section
                style={{
                  display: 'grid',
                  gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(auto-fill, minmax(160px, 1fr))',
                  gap: '.5rem',
                }}
              >
                {icons.randomSample.map((icon) => {
                  return (
                    <IconCard
                      key={icon}
                      icon={icon}
                      size={size}
                      sizes={icons.sizes[icon]}
                      variant={variant}
                    />
                  )
                })}
              </section>
            </>
          )}
        </>
      )}
    </div>
  )
}

# Icons

There are more than 1,750 icons in `react-system-icons` available for you to use
with the `Icon` component, without having to list the repository containing the
icon assets as a dependency.

You can search for the icon you want to use here. Simply type a query in the
input below and select the desired size. All icons are available in both
‘outline’ and ‘filled’ variants. Each result shows the icon at twice the
display size, the name of the icon, and the sizes available with the display
size in bold.

This project currently expects any requests to `/sprites/**` to serve an SVG
sprite with the appropriate content, which for this Storybook development server
is proxied to a specific release on jsDelivr.

Do not use proxies for icons in production.

## Icon finder

**These icons won’t appear on Chromatic. To see the icons on this page, run this
project’s Storybook on your device locally.**

<IconFinder />

Commit message:

Use basic sprite SVG in Storybook stories.

packages/react/src/inlines/Icon/Icon.stories.mdx, after:

import get from 'lodash/get'
import find from 'lodash/find'
import range from 'lodash/range'
import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { Icon } from './Icon'
import { useState, useEffect } from 'react'

<Meta
  title="Facets/Icons"
  component={Icon}
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: { hidden: true },
    },
  }}
/>

export const getIcons = async () => {
  const nameExp = /(.+)_(\d+)_\w+\.sprite\.svg$/
  const response = await fetch(
    'https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/fluentui-svg-icon-sprites@1.1.163'
  )
  if (response.ok) {
    const jsonValue = await response.json() // Get JSON value from the response body
    const { all, sizes, possibleSizes } = get(
      find(get(jsonValue, 'files', []), ({ name }) => name === 'sprites'),
      'files',
      []
    ).reduce(
      (acc, { name }) => {
        const matches = name.match(nameExp)
        if (matches) {
          const [_, icon, sizeStr] = matches
          const size = parseInt(sizeStr)
          acc.possibleSizes.add(size)
          acc.all.add(icon)
          if (icon in acc.sizes) {
            acc.sizes[icon].add(size)
          } else {
            acc.sizes[icon] = new Set([size])
          }
        }
        return acc
      },
      { all: new Set(), sizes: {}, possibleSizes: new Set() }
    )
    return Promise.resolve({
      allIcons: Array.from(all),
      sizes,
      possibleSizes: Array.from(possibleSizes).sort(),
    })
  } else {
    return Promise.reject('Problem fetching icon list')
  }
}

export function useDebounce(value, delay) {
  const [debouncedValue, setDebouncedValue] = useState(value)
  useEffect(() => {
    const handler = setTimeout(() => {
      setDebouncedValue(value)
    }, delay)
    return () => {
      clearTimeout(handler)
    }
  }, [value, delay])
  return debouncedValue
}

export const IconCard = ({ icon, size, sizes, variant }) => {
  const sizeAvailable = sizes.has(size)
  const displaySize = sizeAvailable ? size : Array.from(sizes)[0]
  return (
    <article style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>
      <p style={{ fontSize: `${displaySize * 2}px` }}>
        <Icon icon={icon} size={displaySize} variant={variant} />
      </p>
      <p style={{ overflowWrap: 'break-word' }}>{icon}</p>
      <p>
        {Array.from(sizes).map((possibleSize) => (
          <span
            key={possibleSize}
            {...(possibleSize === displaySize && {
              style: { fontWeight: 'bold' },
            })}
          >
            {possibleSize}{' '}
          </span>
        ))}
      </p>
    </article>
  )
}

export const IconFinder = () => {
  const [query, setQuery] = useState('')
  const debouncedQuery = useDebounce(query, 500)
  const [icons, setIcons] = useState({
    allIcons: [],
    sizes: {},
    possibleSizes: [],
    randomSample: [],
  })
  const [size, setSize] = useState(24)
  const [variant, setVariant] = useState('outline')
  const loaded = icons.allIcons && icons.allIcons.length > 0
  const querying = loaded && debouncedQuery.length > 2
  useEffect(() => {
    getIcons().then(({ allIcons, sizes, possibleSizes }) => {
      setIcons({
        allIcons,
        sizes,
        possibleSizes,
        randomSample: range(0, 18).map(
          (_i) => allIcons[Math.floor(Math.random() * allIcons.length)]
        ),
      })
    })
  }, [])
  const queryResults = querying
    ? icons.allIcons.filter((icon) => icon.includes(debouncedQuery))
    : []
  return (
    <div>
      <section
        style={{
          display: 'grid',
          gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(3, min-content)',
          gap: '.5rem',
          marginTop: '2rem',
        }}
      >
        <div>
          <label id="ii1">Icon identifier</label>
          <input
            type="text"
            value={query}
            aria-labelledby="ii1"
            onChange={(e) => setQuery(e.target.value)}
            placeholder={loaded ? 'Search for icons' : 'Loading…'}
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.2em', boxSizing: 'border-box' }}
          />
        </div>
        <div>
          <label id="ii2">Size</label>
          <select
            aria-labelledby="ii2"
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.25em' }}
            onChange={(e) => setSize(parseInt(e.target.value))}
          >
            {loaded ? (
              <>
                {icons.possibleSizes.map((possibleSize) => (
                  <option value={possibleSize} selected={possibleSize === size}>
                    {possibleSize}
                  </option>
                ))}
              </>
            ) : (
              <option disabled value="">
                Loading…
              </option>
            )}
          </select>
        </div>
        <div>
          <label id="ii3">Variant</label>
          <select
            aria-labelledby="ii3"
            disabled={!loaded}
            style={{ fontSize: '1.25em' }}
            onChange={(e) => setVariant(e.target.value)}
          >
            <option selected={variant === 'outline'} value="outline">
              Outline
            </option>
            <option selected={variant === 'filled'} value="filled">
              Filled
            </option>
          </select>
        </div>
      </section>
      {loaded && (
        <>
          {querying ? (
            <>
              <h4 style={{ margin: '2rem 0 1rem 0' }}>
                Showing all {queryResults.length} results:
              </h4>
              <section
                style={{
                  display: 'grid',
                  gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(auto-fill, minmax(160px, 1fr))',
                  gap: '.5rem',
                }}
              >
                {queryResults.map((icon) => {
                  return (
                    <IconCard
                      key={icon}
                      icon={icon}
                      size={size}
                      sizes={icons.sizes[icon]}
                      variant={variant}
                    />
                  )
                })}
              </section>
            </>
          ) : (
            <>
              <h4 style={{ margin: '2rem 0 1rem 0' }}>
                Random sample of {icons.randomSample.length} icons:
              </h4>
              <section
                style={{
                  display: 'grid',
                  gridTemplateColumns: 'repeat(auto-fill, minmax(160px, 1fr))',
                  gap: '.5rem',
                }}
              >
                {icons.randomSample.map((icon) => {
                  return (
                    <IconCard
                      key={icon}
                      icon={icon}
                      size={size}
                      sizes={icons.sizes[icon]}
                      variant={variant}
                    />
                  )
                })}
              </section>
            </>
          )}
        </>
      )}
    </div>
  )
}

# Icons

There are more than 1,750 icons in `react-system-icons` available for you to use
with the `Icon` component, without having to list the repository containing the
icon assets as a dependency.

Fluent Blocks brings `@fluent-blocks/basic-icons/basic-icons.svg` with it, which
you should serve alongside your app. Provide `FluentBlocksProvider` with
`basicSpriteUrl` pointing to where browsers can get `basic-icons.svg`.

You can search for the icon you want to use here. Simply type a query in the
input below and select the desired size. All icons are available in both
‘outline’ and ‘filled’ variants. Each result shows the icon at twice the
display size, the name of the icon, and the sizes available with the display
size in bold.

This project currently expects any requests to `/sprites/**` to serve an SVG
sprite with the appropriate content, which for this Storybook development server
is proxied to a specific release on jsDelivr.

Do not use proxies for icons in production.

## Icon finder

**These icons won’t appear on Chromatic. To see the icons on this page, run this
project’s Storybook on your device locally.**

<IconFinder />
